# Hospital--Clinic management system

Clinic Management System is developed to support and automate the clinic daily operation. Clinic Management System is a system that can help the clinic to manage their daily activity. This system will involve all the clinic operation starting from patient registration until billing the patient. Here the patients can register through online and get their appointment. This system help reduce the problems occur when using the manual system. The important thing is it will become easier for the data record and retrieval. This software also stores all the patient details, patients lab reports, bill calculation, billing, monthly reports, daily reports. This system enables doctors and clinic assistant to manage patient records, medicine stock, and appointment and produce reports. This system will be able to generate report regarding the clinic operation. User can enter the patient details. what ever treatment he has taken will also be saved in the database. Other than that, the system is user friendly and it can help the clinic to manage their activity. For example, the number of patient per day and total collection per day. This Clinic Management System Project will keep track of each and every medicine which is available in medicine store. This system is easy and simple to use by the user. This system is able to check the inventory for the medicine in the clinic. . If any medicine will be out of stock then that particular medicine name will be highlighted with red color. The target user for this system is staff of the clinic, doctor and also the management. Other than that, the system is user friendly and it can help the clinic to manage their activity. Overall this system is able to support the daily clinic operation based on evaluation from real user and the system is able to perform the task correctly. The patient gets the treatment and data about the treatment is recorded into the system. The system has few modules such as patient registration, medicine registration, disease registration and treatment history, patient record search, appointment and 
